This is how it all works:

**Department Admins
We have a form where we register heads of department register form,
Url: /person/self-register

Basic details of registering a person ->captured on the persons table.
Capture the departments -> system already captures the projects under this department.

Assigned the role of an organization admin,
The department_admin role->
		-can add, edit / remove new project admins
-can add edit / remove new projects
–can add edit / remove persons to given projects
-can view all projects and persons under they departments
-can view relationships between project associates.
-view full counts of associates for each project.
-can communication to all project admins and associates

The project_admin role → this assigned to all persons registered by the department_admin, where project admin is true.

-The Organization --Ankole Diocese has departments
-The organization has Projects under departments
-projects also have departments

so we have this chain
-->>Organization
    ->Departments ->Education
        ->projects ->St James SS --Sub-Category-->Secondary
            ->project-departments ->Sports Department, HR Department

to get a persons count for the current Organization admin role user:
the system should check the person affiliation table that for the persons
affiliated organization and the department that

person
    ->person affiliation
        -->organization id
            -->department id
                -->
the system should check the persons table for the person,
the person being

Validation:
The department admins can add multiple project admin,
so meaning the departments should have projects under them, so that we can return projects that belong to a given department under the diocese.
Department admins can do all CRUD on projects and persons that belong to their projects .

Role Definitions:
super_admin — Diocese-level, sees everything
org_admin (Head of Department) — manages their department + appoints project admins
project_admin — manages one or more projects (people, staff, records)
staff — day-to-day users within a project

UI-projections:
The project admin can then get dashboards where they manage the person under their given projects  both staff and associates, like staff under that particular church and the persons that attend in that particular church.

after that we can introduce filtering the person by relationships, say eg. a parent of a student in a given school, a father of a child that attends a given check,
we can have death statistics and so on,

Organization → Department Relationship:
Organization → Department Relationship:
An organization has many departments
A department belongs to an organization
An organization staff belong to departments
An organization is headed by an organization admin
A department has staff and projects

Department → Project Relationship:
A department has many projects
A project belongs to a project
A department is headed by an department admin
A project is headed by a project admin

Projects → Staff and Person relationship:
Project has many staff and persons
Staff under a project are people that have occupation roles , teachers at a school, priests at a church.
A person are people that get associated with the projects services like people who attend church, students at a school, members of a sacco
Staff, Persons Relationship:
A staff can belong to many projects and department,
A person can belong to many projects and this not limited by department,
Staff, Person relation table:
They can be related to each other by a shared department, project, family terms,
Staff have occupation to the department and project affiliation to the project connection.
A person has a project affiliation connection to the project.
They have a skill entry that is predetermined by the super, department admins.

Structure:
Final structure:
     *   Organization (Diocese)
     *     └── Department  (e.g. Education, Parish Affairs, Media, SACCO)
     *           └── Project  (e.g. Mbarara High School, St Peter's Church)
     *                 └── ProjectAffiliation (staff, parishioners, students …)


